This file contains all planned ideas for the Terra Nova game

Ideas:
	weather events, droughts
	disease (medicine cure from lab, can disease people or food, both of which decreases happiness)
	difficulty levels??
	lucas - each set of 10 days increases his chances of successfully blow up the portal, exponential function would work well
	sound files <===== this would be awesome. Rain in background on rainy days!
	new population are children? three/five/ten days and they become adults?
	have different defense numbers depending on attack - dino's or sixers, sixers are stronger
		optionally adding defenses that defend against certain types of dino's? (troughs, fire lines, barricades, guns, etc)
	create exe file? or jar file?
	highlight text in other color for input
	happiness maxes at 100
	immersive randomized text when attacks aren't sent between events

New Game is selected.
Exposition is read out. (warning of Lucas)
the following loops each day:
day is read out
	after day 25, Lucas becomes a chance, increasing each day

statistics of the colony are read out

	statistics include:
		happiness (too low and the population has a higher chance to refuse to fight, various bad things(fights, disturbed peace, etc))
		food (no food means population decreases each day by half of all population that weren't fed when the day terminates with 0 food)
		population (people. more people means you need more food, but fewer people means weaker defenses) (0 people and GAME OVER)
		offense (the ability to fight back when the colony is attacked and harvest materials in more dangerous places)
		defense (the ability to withstand strong enemy offense against the colony, whether it be dinos or sixers)
		materials (needed to create things)

		(depending on difficulty, the above stats may start lower or higher and decrease or increase at a higher or lower rate, perhaps?)
		

options are displayed to harvest resources and increase colony stats. You may do 2 each day (random events intermingled, warnings of what low stats do if they're too low). The user may:

	Hold a festival (increases population, costs materials)
		may hold a larger festival for more population but more material cost
		population can only increase by half (20 population means only get 10 children, since there are 10 couples at most)
		
	Hold a feast (increases happiness, costs food(may hold a larger feast for more happiness but greater food cost))

	Go on a hunt (increases food) (different hunt locations may net more food, but can be more dangerous and result in a loss of population and decrease in happiness if someone dies)
		maybe sixers can attack while on a hunt

	Gather materials (used to increase offensive or defensive capabilities)
		add scuba diving and uncovering underwater wrecks in the west ocean
		add deep ocean (pleasiosaurus danger)
		add making a boat in the cove (once it has been secured from the spinosaurus) to travel to other islands for materials

	Spend materials (this is innate and will not count of one of the 2 things you are allowed to do each day)
		Rovers (covers open ground, searches for resources each day and Lucas)
		motorcycles (covers closed terrain and deep forests, searches for resources each day and Lucas)
			a balance of rovers and motorcycles is best for finding Lucas; Rovers cover more ground and find more resources than motorcycles, but they also cost more)
		Create a Laboratory
			The lab is used to research upgrades which can then be bought once they are researched
			The lab costs materials or food to research things
			The lab may have unexpected negatives such as decreased in happiness, food, population, etc.
			Can hire paleontologists to read up on dinosaurs (give exact danger value?)
				exploring the whole map (success gathering materials and hunting everywhere) grants a reward, the paleontologist can make a map
		Create a Clinic
			heals diseases
		Defenses
			Towers 			(low defense increase, low material cost)
			Reinforced Gates	(low-medium defense increase, higher material cost)
			Enchanced Weaponry	(medium defense increase, medium material cost)
			Strengthened gates
			etc.


Randomized Events
	In the event of an attack
		Dino attack
			increasing chance of attack up to a point, then chance flatlines
			dino's get stronger after each set of 10 days
		Sixer attack
			chance of sixer attack begins after 40 days, increases again after day 20 and remains the same for the rest of the game
			sixer's attack get stronger after each set of 15 days
			sixers are always much, much stronger than dinosaurs
			sixers can sabotage equipment or machinery for a fight, research laboratory upgrade against this (see lab)
			sixers can use dinosaurs to fight in rare cases, increasing their attack power even further.
		Special attacks every set of 100 days?
			very difficult to overcome

In the event of Sixer Victory
	Terra Nova is taken, some manage to escape into a makeshift base in the forest. all stats are quartered (1/4)
	Twice the chance for a dino attack each day
	sixers have a tiny chance to find you each day, increasing slowly over time. If they find you, a huge wave is sent (the next day) The user will be warned of their compromised position.
		if you conquer the wave, you have a huge chance of retaking Terra Nova the next day
		if you lose to the wave, GAME OVER
	You may choose to fight to reclaim Terra Nova; your offense must be greater than their defense, which is the defense of your forces before you lost Terra Nova plus (1/4) their offense when they took Terra Nova

Resources are given from the other side of the portal at the end of the day. you get more of what you need.
	if the portal is destroyed, you get nothing

At the end of each day, the chance to find Lucas is rolled, depending on your motorcyles and land rovers.
If you find him, Lucas can either be taken into custody or he will run again. If he manages to escape his research is set back,
but it will be more difficult to find him in the future. Otherwise he is killed.

If you don't find him, the chance for Lucas to finish his portal is rolled. If he finishes the portal, there is a 100% chance over the next
ten days of enemy militia attack, with very difficult waves. Exposives may be made out of materials to blow the portal, but this
results in a decrease in population and no more resources at the end of the day. FIND LUCAS!

end of loop

at game over, create a text document (that you append data to) that gives the date, time, and final day the user got to as well as what gave them their game over,
maybe have a high score file and save/load game file