0) Reading the Exposition out


Just before you turn in for bed, one of your men hails you on your radio, saying he's picked up something unusual scanning for radio frequencies.
Curious, you walk over to the command station to see for yourself. There appears to be someone trying to hail the base!
It seems to be the voice of a young girl, and she's stuck deep in the jungle several hundred kilometers from your position!!!
Attempting a rescue mission this late at night will be very dangerous, but she'll surely be dead by morning if you leave her to die...;#noEnter

1) Trying to find the girl, success or failure not yet determined

You've made up your mind, you have to do everything in your power to save her!
You sound the emergency alarm and order all available units to suit up and assemble at the land rovers!!!
You quickly explain the situation to your troops, and see your own steel determination reflected in their eyes.
Without another seconds delay, you all mount up and set forth to rescue the girl!

...
...
...
;

2) Not trying to find the girl

As much as you'd like to save her, you simply can't justify risking everything for one girl.
With a heavy heart, you decide you must ignore her cry for help.
You only hope it was the right decision to make...;#noEnter

3) Success in finding the girl

Sometime later, deep in the dense jungle of the far north...
Your driver turns and tells you that you're closing in on the origin of the radio signal!
Your lean forward in your seat in anticipation, eyes straining to see through the thick windshield...
Suddenly, there she is! She is huddling in a natural alcove of a boulder, shielding her eyes from the bright lights of the rovers!
Your squadron quickly forms a defensive perimeter around her!
You leap out of your rover and wrap a blanket around her, assuring her that she's safe now!

You are relieved you were able to find her, but you know finding her was only half the battle.
You still must return to Terra Nova safely with her. The nothern jungles are very dangerous, even more so at night.
To be safe, you let her ride in your rover and the other rovers form a circle around yours as you head back.

...
...
...
;

4) Failure in finding the girl

Sometime later, deep in the dense jungle of the far north...
A dense fog seems to have slowly crept into this region.
You're beginning to have second thoughts about this rescue mission...

Suddenly, a large pack of Utahraptors materialize from the fog!
Your offensive capabilities are no match for their speed!
The Utahraptors slam into the rovers with such force that they flip over and over again!
Your troops are savagely torn limb from limb and you barely make it out with the men in your rover alive!
Using your radios you manage to regroup with what is left of your squadron. It's going to a quiet ride back to Terra Nova...
	-1/2 population;

5) Success in returning the girl (consider a permanent buff rather than a temporary one)

Hours later, it has started to rain heavily.
However, you are finally only minutes from Terra Nova!
Everyone has been on edge for hours, driving through the darkness in dangerous territory.
You can now make out the lights from the outter walls of Terra Nova though, and everyone begins to relax.
You will soon be safe behind the walls, and you look forward to getting some rest.

Your party arrives safely! The girl has been rescued and the mission was a success!
You want to question the girl, but it seems she is exhausted and has fallen asleep.
You will have to wait for her to recover for now. It is time to get some rest!
	+100 happiness
	+100 food
	+10 population
	+15 offense
	+15 defense
	+50 materials;

6) Failure in returning the girl

Hours later, it has started to rain heavily.
However, you are finally only minutes from Terra Nova!
Everyone has been on edge for hours, driving through the darkness in dangerous territory.
You can now make out the lights from the outter walls of Terra Nova though, and everyone begins to relax.
You will soon be safe behind the walls, and you look forward to getting some rest.

Suddenly, shouts ring out from around you, and you turn to see a T-rex charging from the side straight towards your rovers!
It easily plows through the defensive circle, flipping and crushing rovers beneath it's feet!
Your driver slams on the brakes to try and avoid it's charge, but the rex stops mid-sprint, turns, and flips your rover with its snout!
As your rover rolls over and over again, you try and grab the girl and hold her inside but she slips from your grasp!
The rover finally stops rolling. Your driver is dead. You climb from the wreckage and turn to see what is happening.

The rex is standing 50 feet from you, well illuminated by the spotlights of the rovers that have not been flipped.
It is standing directly over the girl, who is struggling to stand in the thick mud caused by the rain.
Your men are unloading everything they have at the rex, and you can hear shouts in the distance as the wall guards at Terra Nova run to help.
The rex appears unperturbed by the gunfire it is taking, and turns it's head sideways to look you in the eye.
The rex's eye is glowing red, and the breath from it's nostrils forms a thick cloud that quickly evaporates in the rain as it breathes.
You watch as it leans down and gently grasps the girl in it's mouth, like a mother cat picking up her kitten.
In one swift motion, it snaps it's head up and releases the girl. She flies high into the air. Everything seems like it is moving in slow motion.
Your men stop firing. The girl begins to fall, the rain seeming to stop around her as she falls at the same speed.
The rex opens it's mouth wide, and the girl disappears into it's gaping mouth. She is swallowed without a sound.

For what feels like an eternity, nobody moves. Then all at once, the world unpauses.
The wall guards have finally reached the group and join with your men, firing at the rex.
However, the rex does not seem interested in attacking anyone else. It glares you in the eye a final time and then turns tail and tromps off into the jungle.
You were unable to rescue the girl afterall...
You wonder who she was...

You have lost several men in the fight. It is time to return to Terra Nova...
	-1/4 population;